So now, after log in or registration,
we know that the user is going to
an account section that doesn't exist.
So let's do that account section.
So we will create, of course,
we know how to do that, a component.
So this is actually
pretty straightforward.
For example,
I can just copy the registration part.
I will create the account page I copy
this because, yes, a basic template.
So let's create a template for
the account and
we will do we will call this the account
page,and this is the account page,
okay, so then we need
the template where in the HTML.
So we go to the HTML and
we create another template.
This is going to be pretty simple.
We can say that we have
a section ID account, and so
far, we're going to just add
an HQ saying you are logged in,
okay, just to confirm
frames the user is logging.
And some actions that are only
available for logged in users or
authenticated users.
So we can do that with some buttons,
such as log out, because if we can log in,
we should be able to log out.
And also we will have a link to your
favorites and also to your watch list.
We also have links somewhere.
And then when we click here,
well, we have an app.login,
we may have an app.logout,
we can see that.
We need to copy that, and
we need to create that and
then here, we can just go to the router.
And say,
I want to go to Account favorites.
I think that was the URL we were
working or we will do after this.
So and
the watch list like this app lookout.
Let think about that for a second.
App login was actually making all
the stuff, okay, go into the server.
What about logout?
From a client's perspective logout is
when you check-out your hotel, okay?
So you take this and you return it or
you throw throw it away,
I need to remember to pick it up later.
So logout will be just
to talk to our store and
just say, You know what,
I don't have JWT anymore.
That will also delete that one from
local storage if my proxy works.
So from now on, I throw my credentials so
I don't have them.
So, I'm logged out, okay?
And after that, maybe I want to
say something like, you know what?
I want to go maybe to home or
to thanks or whatever.
I need to send the user somewhere else.
Okay, finally,
I need to create the route for
this account, so
path:/account/, just that,
and the component will be the AccountPage.
If everything works now,
I should be able to refresh here.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: First,
if I go to Account, it's not working.
See why.
If I open the console,
it's saying that it can read the content,
so it's probably the template ID.
I have a problem with my template ID,
so account page is trying
to read template account, and
in my HTML, I didn't add an ID.
That's why.
So Id template account, okay, cool.
Let's go back here, refresh.
And it says you are logged in akay,
if I click Log Out, it goes to the home.
And also, I have no unmatched jwts,
so I don't have the credentials.
So if I log in again, for now,
I need to do it manually for
some reason, we will get there.
So if I log in again,
okay, you are logged in.
If I log out, I'm logged out.
The problem is that if
I'm going to my account,
it says that I'm logged in, but
that's not true because I logged out.
Why is that?
Because my router just goes there.
If I say so, okay, so we need to add
another validation rules in my router, and
that's saying that maybe some
pages will need being logged in.